1.) If you drag a new mesh Actor into your Level and position it in the air, what two default settings of a mesh must be changed so that the mesh will fall to the ground when the Level begins?

2.) True or False: Making copies of a Brush Actor will increase the memory requirements for that Level.

3.) How do you select just a single surface of a Brush?

4.) In Unreal, when a mesh has different Materials applied to different sections of its surface, what are those different sections called?

5.) True or False: When you scale an Actor, any Material applied to it automatically  gets scaled as well.

6.) In Unreal, what is the best type of Light Actor to use to represent sunlight?

7.) In Unreal, what is the best type of Light Actor to use to represent the light from a light bulb?

8.) In Unreal, what is the best type of Light Actor to use to represent the light from a flashlight?

9.) In Unreal, what is the best type of Light Actor to use to represent the light that is reflected off the atmosphere?

10.) What Actor is used to add a blue sky and a sun disc to your Level?

11.) True or False: All Components can also function as Actors on their own.

12.) In Unreal, what do you call a 3D area of space that is invisible to the player and serves a specific purpose depending on its type?

13.) If you wanted to have a small fire in your Level apply damage to an Actor, what is the easiest way to accomplish this?


SCROLL DOWN FOR ANSWERS









































1.) The Actor’s Mobility will need to be changed from Static to Moveable. Also, the Simulate Physics property will need to be set to True.
2.) True
3.) First, make sure the Brush isn’t currently selected. Then click on the individual surface you wish to select.
4.) Elements
5.) True
6.) Directional Light
7.) Point Light
8.) Spot Light
9.) Sky Light
10.) Atmospheric Fog
11.) False. While many Components are also Actors themselves, some, such as the Rotating Movement Component, are not.
12.) Volume
13.) Surround the fire with a Pain Causing Volume.